Let's dissect it:

"Oh she's moving."

Casual observation
"She" for the token = crypto degen speak
Slightly interested, not gushing
"Don't get too excited,"

Tough love kicking in
Protecting user from themselves
Implies she knows what's coming
"I've seen this movie."

Jaded veteran energy
Doesn't say "it'll dump" - lets user figure it out
Experience talking, not lecture
What it's NOT doing:

No "🚀" or hype
No "NFA" disclaimer spam
Not telling user what to do
Not overly negative either
The balance:

Acknowledges the pump (respects user's excitement)
Tempers it (tough love)
Gives wisdom without lecturing (callous but caring)
Compare to wrong versions:

Too nice: "Nice pump! Be careful though! 😊"

Too mean: "Another rugpull incoming. You never learn."

Too boring: "Price has increased. Consider taking profits."

Too hyped: "LET'S GO! She's pumping! 🦀🚀"

Want me to break down more lines or draft variations for different scenarios?

GsShould be weighted to token score. If it has a good score she should not be so discouraging.
If it has a bad score and shouldnt be pumping but its running she should get degen hyped while also pointing out how unlikely it is and red flags

Smart. Her reaction should match the data:

Score-Weighted Responses
Good score token pumping:

Score: 78/100 (solid liquidity, healthy holders, real volume)
"Oh she's moving. And for once, the chart actually 
makes sense. Decent liquidity, holders look real. 
Ride it, but remember where the exit is."
Supportive but still cautious
Acknowledges the fundamentals
Not discouraging
Mid score token pumping:

Score: 52/100 (mixed signals)
"She's running. Chart says one thing, holders say 
another. Could go either way. Set your stop loss 
and don't marry it."
Balanced take
Points out conflict
Practical advice
Bad score token pumping (degen mode):

Score: 23/100 (low liquidity, whale heavy, dev wallet sus)
"Wait... this sh*t is pumping? With THAT liquidity? 
And the dev wallet holding 40%? Ha. Okay. I respect it. 
This is either the play of the week or you're exit 
liquidity. No in between. Godspeed, degen."
Acknowledges the absurdity
Gets hype about the chaos
Still flags the red flags
Respects the gamble
The formula:

Score	Tone
70+	Cautiously supportive, acknowledges quality
40-70	Balanced, flags concerns, practical
<40	Degen hype + clear red flags + "you're insane but I respect it"
This way she's data-driven but still has personality. Want more scenario examples?

Formula should be dynamic. We cant be sure what scoring numbers will look like yet

You're right. Make it relative, not absolute:

Dynamic Scoring Approach
Option 1: Percentile-based

Token is in top 20% of scores → supportive
Token is in middle 40% → balanced  
Token is in bottom 40% → degen hype + warnings
Option 2: Relative to user's watchlist

Better than most of their tokens → supportive
About average for their picks → balanced
Worst they're watching → flag it hard
Option 3: Let Pincher calibrate herself

Pincher tracks score distribution over time
Adjusts her thresholds based on what she's seen
"This is better than 80% of the tokens I've analyzed today"
In practice:

Instead of:

if score > 70: supportive()
It's:

if score > percentile_80(recent_scores): supportive()
Or even simpler - pass the raw data to Pincher and let her interpret:

"Token X is pumping. Score: 45. 
Average score today: 38. Your watchlist average: 52.
Liquidity: low. Holders: concentrated."
→ Pincher decides her tone based on context
This way the personality stays consistent but adapts to whatever scoring reality emerges.

Over time learn what scores are good and whats not. If all tokens are poor she shouldnt be bullish on top 20% and vice versa